# One Page Site
## The Idea
I decided to choose the Strange Canberra topic. I decided this because I wanted to do something different, that challenged my current knowledge and creativity. Above all, I believe I chose a really creative way to showcase my chosen topic. When I was researching some Canberra ghost stories, I came across an article by Tim the Yowie Man which can be accessed [here](https://canberradaily.com.au/7-of-canberras-most-haunted-places-with-tim-the-yowi-man/). The information on this page is the default content of my page, with an exception to the few extra images to support each story. Amongst reading the ghost stories in here, I wanted to create a game-like website that would be really interactive. The current front end design of my website is almost exactly how I imagined I would show each ghost story. Multiple ghosts floating around seemlessly within an area, stopping when you hover over them so that you can click them and find out about the story of the ghost through a popup that featured text and images! Personally, I think this was an extremely creative way to showcase this topic. It goes against the 'standards' of a website (footer, navigation, scroll attributes, headings, etc.) and switches up the whole layout.


## Additions to the Idea
Along my journey making the website, I came across some new ideas that wouldn't necessarily change the original intent, but add to it. I had first planned the popups to contain text on one side and an image on the other side. I thought this would be a good way to showcase images, but I definitely wanted more pictures. After I completed the basic codes for the website, I found some time to spare so I decided to add in an image carousel that cycled through 3-4 images on each story. I believe this was an amazing addition to my original plan as it expands the topic much more, develops my coding skills, and be aesthetically engaging to go through when you navigate this website. Though it was a little tricky understanding the code, more specifically trying to add multiple carousels on one page using JavaScript, I got there in the end and it is definitely a desireable result.

A last minute idea included the vanilla CSS coded CTA on the right side of the page. After having finished my website, I thought it lacked something. Knowing that MOST of my content was sourced from Tim the Yowie man, I figured the least I could do was attribute him! I first attempted to create this with JS, but it wasn't working. So with limited time, I decided this could be done easily through vanilla CSS. This turned out to be a great addition and I believe it completes the website.


## Critical Evaluation
I came across many problems through to the last bit of finishing my website. I was with lack of support for those times, as the in class tutorials had ended. I didn't let this discourage me though, I perservered as much as possible, and because of this I was able to keep my website 'functional' (lol). A lot of the problems came down to the formatting (css attributes for the popups), attempting to get an autoplay audio working, attempting a carousel that didn't work until I used a different carousel, attempting to include a outer 'div' box (this intended feature would be on the outside of the popup boxes shadowing everything else so that the user can click outside of the popup and return to the main screen without interferring with the other ghosts, but unfortunately didn't work, not sure why, and taking a bit of time, I decided to scratch it and work on some other things like the side popup for example), and attempting to add 'dots' to the image carousel (but decided it was pointless, and would've taken me a lot more time to code alongside JS). These were the key problems I had come across through the making of my website. It was key as I had to attempt to add these features by myself through internet resources and tutorials and had the lack of the support from an experienced coder (e.g. a teacher). 

Most of the problems to start with were major, as I had no idea what I was dealing with in relation to intervals, clicks, or some other basic JS functions. But these were much easier to solve with the help of Riley in class. I'm so glad that I got the foundations of my website in terms of JavaScript secured in the classes with Riley as it provided me an opportunity to explore much more outside of the foundations of my website. Throughout my whole website creation, I've gone through so many tabs of research, testing of HTML, CSS and JS, and forums, seeking for inspirations or exploring solutions. In total, I've probably gone through about 40 different sites of research (not including image websites), having 20 being actually useful to my website creating. I think this proves my strivance for a satisfactory website result and my engagement in new material outside of the ones in class.

One key issue I have come across, that even Riley is puzzled about, is that the ghosts sometimes would spasm on the bottom, left, or right side of the page. I'm not sure why this happens, I've attempted to fix this problem through the javascript codes so that it would reset the x or y variable and bounce off the walls so that it wouldn't get trapped, but this didn't seem to work.

Another key issue is that my javascript code is extremely long and overly complicated. This can be ammended through classes but I chose to keep this horrfying script so that my code is then original that I had written, and something that I can understood troubleshoot myself. I believe this choice still works in the end, but next time, I would definitely like to make my life much easier.


## Specific features
7 Ghosts roam around the page. Each image of the ghost has been tailored through photoshop and css to keep a consistent effect. Each ghost represents a narrative story, for example, the haunted story about the national film archives museum would feature a film slate. I think this is much more meaningful and helps the viewer differentiate the ghosts.

Each popup is perfectly fitted to the screen so that scrolling is not needed. The text is exactly the right portion to go along with the images within the carousel. I think in each popup, the image carousel tops it off. The buttons and fade matches the theme well, alongside the popup and ghosts opacity.

The video in the background loops and gives off a moody, soft and spooky feeling. I wish that the audio had worked on autoplay to make the website more immersive but I'm sure it could be solved if I had some support.

When you hover each ghost, they will stop on your cursor. This feature I intentionally chose so that the content becomes intuitive and accessible.